President Uhuru confirms two new cases of the Covid-19             Betty Njeru  15th Mar 2020 18:04:36 GMT +0300 Betty Njeru  15th Mar 2020 18:04:36 GMT +0300 Betty Njeru      (pictured)   SEE ALSO :China virus cases spike, 17 new infections reported SEE ALSO : China virus cases spike, 17 new infections reported    For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » Subscribe Now »   SEE ALSO :China confirms virus spreading between humans SEE ALSO : China confirms virus spreading between humans Learning suspended    Other government directives include:  Government offices, business and companies encouraged to allow employees to work from home, with the exception on critical services.
Cashless transactions e.g Mpesa and use of credit cards encouraged to avoid using cash.
Citizens encouraged to avoid congregating at places of worship, weddings, and funerals.
Minimise use of public transport and limit visits to hospitals.
Hospitals and shopping malls encouraged to provide soap, hand sanitisers and water to members of the public. Government offices, business and companies encouraged to allow employees to work from home, with the exception on critical services. Cashless transactions e.g Mpesa and use of credit cards encouraged to avoid using cash. Citizens encouraged to avoid congregating at places of worship, weddings, and funerals. Minimise use of public transport and limit visits to hospitals. Hospitals and shopping malls encouraged to provide soap, hand sanitisers and water to members of the public. Kenya confirmed its first case of the Covid-19 on Friday  SEE ALSO :Factbox: What we know about the new coronavirus spreading in China and beyond SEE ALSO : Factbox: What we know about the new coronavirus spreading in China and beyond      SEE ALSO :Travelers to be screened for ‘Chinese’ coronavirus- Government SEE ALSO : Travelers to be screened for ‘Chinese’ coronavirus- Government   Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name    Related Topics Coronavirus coronavirus outbreak President Uhuru Kenyatta