Coronavirus cases surge across US as Americans face looming outbreak             Reuters  06th Mar 2020 08:51:03 GMT +0300 Reuters  06th Mar 2020 08:51:03 GMT +0300 Reuters   A medic prepares a stretcher to transfer a patient into an ambulance at the Life Care Center of Kirkland, the long-term care facility linked to several confirmed coronavirus cases in the state, in Kirkland, Washington, US March 5, 2020. [Reuters]  A medic prepares a stretcher to transfer a patient into an ambulance at the Life Care Center of Kirkland, the long-term care facility linked to several confirmed coronavirus cases in the state, in Kirkland, Washington, US March 5, 2020. [Reuters] A medic prepares a stretcher to transfer a patient into an ambulance at the Life Care Center of Kirkland, the long-term care facility linked to several confirmed coronavirus cases in the state, in Kirkland, Washington, US March 5, 2020. [Reuters] A medic prepares a stretcher to transfer a patient into an ambulance at the Life Care Center of Kirkland, the long-term care facility linked to several confirmed coronavirus cases in the state, in Kirkland, Washington, US March 5, 2020.         SEE ALSO :China virus cases spike, 17 new infections reported SEE ALSO : China virus cases spike, 17 new infections reported        For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » Subscribe Now »   SEE ALSO :China confirms virus spreading between humans SEE ALSO : China confirms virus spreading between humans   New York cases double        SEE ALSO :Factbox: What we know about the new coronavirus spreading in China and beyond SEE ALSO : Factbox: What we know about the new coronavirus spreading in China and beyond      SEE ALSO :Travelers to be screened for ‘Chinese’ coronavirus- Government SEE ALSO : Travelers to be screened for ‘Chinese’ coronavirus- Government             Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name    Related Topics Coronavirus Washington Death toll