Virologist answers key questions on deadly virus             Maria Epifanova, Novaya Gazeta   26th Mar 2020 00:00:00 GMT +0300 Maria Epifanova, Novaya Gazeta   26th Mar 2020 00:00:00 GMT +0300 Maria Epifanova, Novaya Gazeta    googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1498022554617-0'); });   I would like to start with a general question: There are a lot of discussions and speculations about Covid-19, but could you summarise the facts that we know about the virus for sure?  SEE ALSO :Japan cruise ship coronavirus cases climb to 174 SEE ALSO : Japan cruise ship coronavirus cases climb to 174        For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Read Now » For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Read Now » Read Now »       SEE ALSO :New China virus cases drop for third day as toll passes 1,600 SEE ALSO : New China virus cases drop for third day as toll passes 1,600 Many people still compare this virus to SARS and believe the measures taken by governments are excessive. Why should we not compare it with SARS? Is it more dangerous?   Can we explain why it is so infectious?   Why is it aggressive for elderly people but almost harmless to even newborn babies?  SEE ALSO :China leader Xi Jinping knew about coronavirus scale much earlier than believed SEE ALSO : China leader Xi Jinping knew about coronavirus scale much earlier than believed       You’ve mentioned that people without symptoms can also infect other people, but isn’t this common for all viruses?    SEE ALSO :Americans arrive home from virus-infected cruise ship SEE ALSO : Americans arrive home from virus-infected cruise ship    So now the only way forward is to reduce social contact and then what? Wait for the treatment or wait for the vaccine?           What I am trying to understand is what is supposed to happen within a month? If people reduce contact, the numbers are likely to go down, but then, when people start living their normal life again, won’t that cause another wave?   I see your point, but can we hope, for example, that the virus will start to slow down owing to some natural factor (summer or whatever else), as happened with SARS?     In that case it is likely to get more or less severe?    Is it good or bad news for us?    The US has already announced testing of a vaccine. How long should it take?        googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1584621281588-0'); }); Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name     Related Topics Covid-19 Virologist