Uhuru: Health workers engaged in Covid-19 fight to receive welfare packages             Betty Njeru  16th Apr 2020 16:18:34 GMT +0300 Betty Njeru  16th Apr 2020 16:18:34 GMT +0300 Betty Njeru      (pictured) (pictured)   SEE ALSO: Japan cruise ship coronavirus cases climb to 174 SEE ALSO: Japan cruise ship coronavirus cases climb to 174    For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Read Now » For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Read Now » Read Now »  New Directives  SEE ALSO: New China virus cases drop for third day as toll passes 1,600 SEE ALSO: New China virus cases drop for third day as toll passes 1,600  County governments to receive a three-month waiver for the purchase of masks and PPEs. This waiver applies to sourcing of products locally.
That National government will also support county governments with an additional Sh5 billion. 
Needy households in Nairobi County have been identified and will be the inaugural recipients of the weekly Covid-19 stipends.
The government also says it has released Sh500m to persons with severe disabilities. County governments to receive a three-month waiver for the purchase of masks and PPEs. This waiver applies to sourcing of products locally. That National government will also support county governments with an additional Sh5 billion. Needy households in Nairobi County have been identified and will be the inaugural recipients of the weekly Covid-19 stipends. The government also says it has released Sh500m to persons with severe disabilities.      SEE ALSO: China leader Xi Jinping knew about coronavirus scale much earlier than believed SEE ALSO: China leader Xi Jinping knew about coronavirus scale much earlier than believed   celebrating    SEE ALSO: Americans arrive home from virus-infected cruise ship SEE ALSO: Americans arrive home from virus-infected cruise ship    Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name    Related Topics Covid-19 President Uhuru Health workers