A list of deals between UK companies and African partners             Fredrick Obura  22nd Jan 2020 10:27:36 GMT +0300 Fredrick Obura  22nd Jan 2020 10:27:36 GMT +0300 Fredrick Obura   Leaders at the Africa-UK Investment Summit (PHOTO: PSCU)  Leaders at the Africa-UK Investment Summit (PHOTO: PSCU) Leaders at the Africa-UK Investment Summit (PHOTO: PSCU) Leaders at the Africa-UK Investment Summit (PHOTO: PSCU) African countries and Britain have signed deals worth Sh857 billion at a landmark event in London which began on Monday.   The deals are expected to drive jobs and growth in all parts of the United Kingdom and Africa, benefitting a range of British companies from family firms to major multinationals.  “We are announcing 27 deals worth over Sh857 billion from across the African markets invited to UK-Africa Investment Summit and we are aware of further UK commercial investment into Africa that will be committed at the Summit.”  A summary of 27 commercial deals from across the African markets invited to the UK-Africa Investment Summit A summary of 27 commercial deals from across the African markets invited to the UK-Africa Investment Summit  Diageo invests Sh22 billion to improve the sustainability of breweries in Kenya & East Africa.
Globeleq invests Sh6.6 billion to help build Malindi photovoltaic solar park in Kenya.
Aggreko signed an Sh10.5 billion contract extension for energy provision in Cote D’Ivoire
Airbus sold £80m of aircraft in Egypt
Anglo-Tunisian Oil and Gas invest £26m in Tunisian gas assets.
Aqua Africa wins £26m export contract to supply solar-powered water filtration systems in Ghana.
Baker Hughes £306m export and investment of deep-sea equipment and scholarships in Mozambique
BHM £80.3m work on the Tema-Aflao Road Project in Ghana.
Bombardier’s £3,180m construction and operation of 2 monorail lines in Cairo.
Contracta Construction UK wins £120.5m export contract to upgrade Kumasi teaching hospital in Ghana.
Contracta Construction UK wins £40m export contract to develop Kumasi airport in Ghana.
GSK invests £5m in Egypt to upgrade two production lines.
Kefi Minerals invest £224m in a new gold mine and to develop local infrastructure in Ethiopia.
Lagan Group wins a £185 export contract for the construction of Kampala Industrial Business Park in Uganda.
Lloyds Register invests £0.76m to set up operations in Mozambique.
Low Energy Designs win an export contract to install street lighting for Oyo state in Nigeria.
Matalan invests £25m to open 13 new outlets in Egypt.
Moy Park to export £12m of frozen chicken to Angola.
Nexus Green export £80m of solar powered water pumping systems for irrigation in Uganda.
NMS Infrastructure has won a £222m contract to construct 6 hospitals in Côte D’Ivoire.
Rolls Royce agrees £50m export of Rolls Royce engines to EgyptAir.
Savannah invests £315m in the acquisition and investment of ingas assets in Nigeria.
Tex ATC installs 5 Airport control room towers worth £2m in Nigeria.
Trilliant installs £5m of Smart Metering to Abuja DisCo In Nigeria.
Tullow invests £1,200m in continued oil production in Kenya.
Tyllium and Ellipse win an export contract worth £60m to build a 250-bed hospital in Koforidua in Ghana.
Unatrac wins a £1.5m export contract to supply machinery for Ugandan roads. Diageo invests Sh22 billion to improve the sustainability of breweries in Kenya & East Africa. Diageo invests Sh22 billion to improve the sustainability of breweries in Kenya & East Africa. Globeleq invests Sh6.6 billion to help build Malindi photovoltaic solar park in Kenya. Globeleq invests Sh6.6 billion to help build Malindi photovoltaic solar park in Kenya. Aggreko signed an Sh10.5 billion contract extension for energy provision in Cote D’Ivoire Aggreko signed an Sh10.5 billion contract extension for energy provision in Cote D’Ivoire Airbus sold £80m of aircraft in Egypt Airbus sold £80m of aircraft in Egypt Anglo-Tunisian Oil and Gas invest £26m in Tunisian gas assets. Anglo-Tunisian Oil and Gas invest £26m in Tunisian gas assets. Aqua Africa wins £26m export contract to supply solar-powered water filtration systems in Ghana. Aqua Africa wins £26m export contract to supply solar-powered water filtration systems in Ghana. Baker Hughes £306m export and investment of deep-sea equipment and scholarships in Mozambique Baker Hughes £306m export and investment of deep-sea equipment and scholarships in Mozambique BHM £80.3m work on the Tema-Aflao Road Project in Ghana. BHM £80.3m work on the Tema-Aflao Road Project in Ghana. Bombardier’s £3,180m construction and operation of 2 monorail lines in Cairo. Bombardier’s £3,180m construction and operation of 2 monorail lines in Cairo. Contracta Construction UK wins £120.5m export contract to upgrade Kumasi teaching hospital in Ghana. Contracta Construction UK wins £120.5m export contract to upgrade Kumasi teaching hospital in Ghana. Contracta Construction UK wins £40m export contract to develop Kumasi airport in Ghana. Contracta Construction UK wins £40m export contract to develop Kumasi airport in Ghana. GSK invests £5m in Egypt to upgrade two production lines. GSK invests £5m in Egypt to upgrade two production lines. Kefi Minerals invest £224m in a new gold mine and to develop local infrastructure in Ethiopia. Kefi Minerals invest £224m in a new gold mine and to develop local infrastructure in Ethiopia. Lagan Group wins a £185 export contract for the construction of Kampala Industrial Business Park in Uganda. Lagan Group wins a £185 export contract for the construction of Kampala Industrial Business Park in Uganda. Lloyds Register invests £0.76m to set up operations in Mozambique. Lloyds Register invests £0.76m to set up operations in Mozambique. Low Energy Designs win an export contract to install street lighting for Oyo state in Nigeria. Low Energy Designs win an export contract to install street lighting for Oyo state in Nigeria. Matalan invests £25m to open 13 new outlets in Egypt. Matalan invests £25m to open 13 new outlets in Egypt. Moy Park to export £12m of frozen chicken to Angola. Moy Park to export £12m of frozen chicken to Angola. Nexus Green export £80m of solar powered water pumping systems for irrigation in Uganda. Nexus Green export £80m of solar powered water pumping systems for irrigation in Uganda. NMS Infrastructure has won a £222m contract to construct 6 hospitals in Côte D’Ivoire. NMS Infrastructure has won a £222m contract to construct 6 hospitals in Côte D’Ivoire. Rolls Royce agrees £50m export of Rolls Royce engines to EgyptAir. Rolls Royce agrees £50m export of Rolls Royce engines to EgyptAir. Savannah invests £315m in the acquisition and investment of ingas assets in Nigeria. Savannah invests £315m in the acquisition and investment of ingas assets in Nigeria. Tex ATC installs 5 Airport control room towers worth £2m in Nigeria. Tex ATC installs 5 Airport control room towers worth £2m in Nigeria. Trilliant installs £5m of Smart Metering to Abuja DisCo In Nigeria. Trilliant installs £5m of Smart Metering to Abuja DisCo In Nigeria. Tullow invests £1,200m in continued oil production in Kenya. Tullow invests £1,200m in continued oil production in Kenya. Tyllium and Ellipse win an export contract worth £60m to build a 250-bed hospital in Koforidua in Ghana. Tyllium and Ellipse win an export contract worth £60m to build a 250-bed hospital in Koforidua in Ghana. Unatrac wins a £1.5m export contract to supply machinery for Ugandan roads. Unatrac wins a £1.5m export contract to supply machinery for Ugandan roads. SEE ALSO :UK PM to outlaw Brexit extension beyond 2020 SEE ALSO : UK PM to outlaw Brexit extension beyond 2020 Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name     (function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';fnames[3]='ADDRESS';ftypes[3]='address';fnames[4]='PHONE';ftypes[4]='phone';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true); Related Topics Boris Johnson UK-Africa Investment Summit