Coronavirus: Enemies of the people             Wilfred Ayaga and Moses Nyamori  28th Feb 2020 09:10:00 GMT +0300 Wilfred Ayaga and Moses Nyamori  28th Feb 2020 09:10:00 GMT +0300 Wilfred Ayaga and Moses Nyamori     googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1498022554617-0'); });  (above)   SEE ALSO :BBI: Senators in new push to outrank MPs SEE ALSO : BBI: Senators in new push to outrank MPs Embarrassed the government        For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » Subscribe Now »   SEE ALSO :Youth should challenge the old guard in politics SEE ALSO : Youth should challenge the old guard in politics   (pictured above)     SEE ALSO :Duale: No to bill on governors immunity SEE ALSO : Duale: No to bill on governors immunity Ironically, 90 Kenyan students are quarantined in Wuhan      SEE ALSO :Holier than thou? Church embarks on race to self regulate SEE ALSO : Holier than thou? Church embarks on race to self regulate Government's explanation       Further flights     (above)         Why Kenya cannot stop flights     MoH knew in advance about arrival of 239 passengers from China             Why aren't we evacuating East Africans from China?        Sickening and underwhelming answers from Omamo       Is Kenya able to handle COVID-19?        Mass infections       Lock out the Chinese    If you were the President of Kenya, how would handle the COVID-19 (Corona virus) health crisis? Email us your thoughts on: online@standardmedia.co.ke If you were the President of Kenya, how would handle the COVID-19 (Corona virus) health crisis? Email us your thoughts on: online@standardmedia.co.ke  Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name     Related Topics National Assembly MPs Raychelle Omamo Sicily Kariuki Coronavirus