In Pictures: President Daniel Moi’s funeral service underway at Nyayo Stadium             Betty Njeru  11th Feb 2020 09:10:16 GMT +0300 Betty Njeru  11th Feb 2020 09:10:16 GMT +0300 Betty Njeru   As early as 5am this morning, lines were filling up, crowds forming and roads heavier than usual with human traffic despite it being a public holiday.    Nyayo National Stadium terraces full as Kenyans attend the requiem former president Daniel arap Moi.    SEE ALSO :The ugly side of Kenya Morans’ history-making feat at Nyayo gymnasium [Photos] SEE ALSO : The ugly side of Kenya Morans’ history-making feat at Nyayo gymnasium [Photos] President Uhuru will lead the nation in the memorial service. Uhuru and his deputy William Ruto have already arrived at the grounds.    The body of the former president will be driven to Nyayo Stadium in slow motion escorted by marching soldiers.  Kenyans started streaming in as early as 6am for the funeral service of former president Daniel arap Moi.  Kenyans started streaming in as early as 6am for the funeral service of former president Daniel arap Moi. Kenyans started streaming in as early as 6am for the funeral service of former president Daniel arap Moi. For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » Subscribe Now »    SEE ALSO :CS Mohamed: Nyayo Stadium’s renovation to end in March SEE ALSO : CS Mohamed: Nyayo Stadium’s renovation to end in March The body left Lee Funeral home and made way to State House in Nairobi  President Uhuru Kenyatta receives the body of former president Daniel arap Moi at State House, Nairobi.  President Uhuru Kenyatta receives the body of former president Daniel arap Moi at State House, Nairobi. President Uhuru Kenyatta receives the body of former president Daniel arap Moi at State House, Nairobi.      SEE ALSO :Photos: Latest state of Nyayo Stadium SEE ALSO : Photos: Latest state of Nyayo Stadium    The late former president's family in the procession. His flag-draped casket arrives at the stadium.     SEE ALSO :PHOTOS: The last stadium that Moi built SEE ALSO : PHOTOS: The last stadium that Moi built      Ongoing presentations by choirs.  Ongoing presentations by choirs. Ongoing presentations by choirs.   Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name    Related Topics Nyayo National Stadium Moi's Funeral Service Daniel Moi