Trump administration backs off sending coronavirus patients to Alabama -governor             Reuters  24th Feb 2020 08:26:23 GMT +0300 Reuters  24th Feb 2020 08:26:23 GMT +0300 Reuters   Senator Richard Shelby (R-AL) speaks to reporters after a vote attempting to override U.S. President Donald Trump's veto of the resolution demanding an end to support of Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen failed on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2019. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts   Senator Richard Shelby (R-AL) speaks to reporters after a vote attempting to override U.S. President Donald Trump's veto of the resolution demanding an end to support of Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen failed on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2019. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Senator Richard Shelby (R-AL) speaks to reporters after a vote attempting to override U.S. President Donald Trump's veto of the resolution demanding an end to support of Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen failed on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2019. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Senator Richard Shelby (R-AL) speaks to reporters after a vote attempting to override U.S. President Donald Trump's veto of the resolution demanding an end to support of Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen failed on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2019.         SEE ALSO :Japan cruise ship coronavirus cases climb to 174 SEE ALSO : Japan cruise ship coronavirus cases climb to 174    For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » Subscribe Now »           Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name    Related Topics Diamond Princess cruise ship Alabama U.S. Coronavirus Donald Trump