Ex-CS Echesa, three co-accused persons plead not guilty in Sh39b guns scandal case             Japheth Ogila  17th Feb 2020 14:26:03 GMT +0300 Japheth Ogila  17th Feb 2020 14:26:03 GMT +0300 Japheth Ogila   Kennedy Oyoo, Clifford Okoth, Daniel Otieno, and former Sports CS Rashid Echesa at the Milimani Law Courts where they were charged with multiple counts of fraud in fake arms deal case. [George Njunge, Standard]  Kennedy Oyoo, Clifford Okoth, Daniel Otieno, and former Sports CS Rashid Echesa at the Milimani Law Courts where they were charged with multiple counts of fraud in fake arms deal case. [George Njunge, Standard] Kennedy Oyoo, Clifford Okoth, Daniel Otieno, and former Sports CS Rashid Echesa at the Milimani Law Courts where they were charged with multiple counts of fraud in fake arms deal case. [George Njunge, Standard] Kennedy Oyoo, Clifford Okoth, Daniel Otieno, and former Sports CS Rashid Echesa at the Milimani Law Courts where they were charged with multiple counts of fraud in fake arms deal case.     SEE ALSO :Former Sports CS Rashid Echesa arrested SEE ALSO : Former Sports CS Rashid Echesa arrested  comments made by Kitui Governor Charity Ngilu   For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » For More of This and Other Stories, Grab Your Copy of the Standard Newspaper.   Subscribe Now » Subscribe Now »   SEE ALSO :Former Sports CS Echesa arrested SEE ALSO : Former Sports CS Echesa arrested      SEE ALSO :Ruto office dragged into Echesa fake Sh39b gun deal probe SEE ALSO : Ruto office dragged into Echesa fake Sh39b gun deal probe      SEE ALSO :Echesa denies charges in Sh39b arms deal case SEE ALSO : Echesa denies charges in Sh39b arms deal case     Echesa’s rebuttal       The officers from the Serious Crimes Unit  Additional reporting by Hillary Orinde and Cyrus Ombati. Additional reporting by Hillary Orinde and Cyrus Ombati.      Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. Do not miss out on the latest news. Join the Standard Digital Telegram channel HERE. HERE.  #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
                  #mc_embed_signup .button {  background-color: #d32127; } Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below 
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name Get the latest summary of news in your email every morning. Subscribe below * Email Address * *  First Name  Last Name    Related Topics Rashid Echesa Milimani Law Courts DP Ruto Fake arms deal